feat(build, stapel): unify from and fromImage directives (#7028)
werf/werf: docs/pages_en/usage/build/stapel/base.md

A _base image_ can be declared with `from` or `fromImage` directive.

## from

The `from` directive specifies the base image: another image defined in werf.yaml (e.g. `backend`) or an external image with a tag or digest (e.g. `nginx:1.25`, `nginx@sha256:4c08b11ec901041edf324726b611fe88ed78a10a24710400980167d549597ffc`).

### Using external images

> When using external images if no tag is specified, the tag defaults to `latest`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using an external image, if no tag is specified, the tag defaults to `latest`:
```
